Alrighty,
so we're making some really good progress,
so in this video,
we'll cover steps three and four
of defining the configuration
in the angular.json "serve" section,
and then finally running our application
with the environment configuration.
So let's go ahead and move down to the "serve" section,
and we'll add a new configuration here,
and so as a quick checkpoint,
make sure you're in the correct location
in this angular.json file,
so make sure you're in the "serve" section.
Then here, I'll give the configuration name of "qa",
and then I'll give the "browserTarget"
to reference our "angular-ecommerce:build:qa".
Remember, that references the configs
that we just set up in the previous section.
Then also, as a checkpoint,
just making sure you have the code or configurations
in the correct location within the file,
so it's in the "serve" section, serve configurations.
Okay, so make sure all your files are saved,
then we can go ahead and cover step four
of running the application
with the given environment configuration.
Okay, so let's go ahead and open up a new Terminal window.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead
and run our application with the configuration,
so we'll do an "npm start -- --configuration=qa",
and that's the configuration we defined
in the "serve" section of our file.
Okay, let's go ahead and swing back over to our web browser,
and we can simply just do a reload here
on that previous URL.
Now, success,
we can retrieve data from the Spring Boot backend,
and we're using the QA environment configuration,
so we're getting data,
and we can confirm
that we're getting data from the QA environment
by looking at our logs here,
"localhost:9898".
All right, that's where my Spring Boot app is running
for the QA environment.
Excellent, so this is great,
so we have everything up and running as desired.
I'd like to say good job, my friend.